How often do you start a Cloud Code
session at your desk, leave, and [music]
a few hours later think, "I wish I could
continue that session from literally
anywhere?" [music]
Well, good news. With remote control,
you can connect Cloud Code web or the
[music] Cloud app on your mobile device
to a Cloud Code session running on your
machine and pick up where you left off.
The bad news is that your family will be
concerned who you're texting so much.
So, here's how it works.
Navigate to your project directory and
run Cloud remote control.
This will start a new session and show
you a URL that you can connect to with
Cloud Code web. And if you hit the space
bar, you'll get a QR code that you can
scan with your phone.
And from there, it will take you to your
mobile browser or the Cloud mobile app,
and you can see your session in
progress.
If you're already in a Cloud Code
session and want to hand off to your
remote devices, then type  remote
control and you'll see the URL there.
Now, the URL will be provided for
convenience, but realize that since
Cloud Code is tied to your Cloud
account, you can just go on your mobile
device without explicitly clicking the
link provided.
Once you have everything set up and are
connected, you get the same Cloud Code
experience that you're used to.
You have access to the same tools, MCP
servers, configurations, and file
system. Everything is still running on
your machine. Nothing is moved to the
cloud.
The conversation then stays in sync
across devices. If you type in your
Cloud mobile app, you can then see it
update in your terminal in real time.
By default, we ask you to specify when
you want a remote control session each
time. However, in your  config,
you can enable remote control for all
sessions, so you don't have to
explicitly enable it each time.
Cloud remote control also comes with a
spawn mode that you can use to create
new sessions remotely. As of this video,
it's available to Max, Team, and
Enterprise users. Type in Cloud remote
control, then go on Cloud web or mobile.
Then you can select your remote session
by tapping the environment button and
selecting your device. And there you can
spawn multiple instances of Cloud Code.
>> [music]
>> If you want to pick up a session that
you started on your desk, well, remote
control can make that happen.
We're currently rolling out to Pro and
Max plan users.